docs: add `nix` / `devenv` installation via `ifiokjr/nixpkgs` (#519)
ifiokjr/monochange: .changeset/nix-install-docs.md

---
"@monochange/skill": patch
---

> Add Nix/devenv installation instructions mentioning the ifiokjr/nixpkgs flake overlay.

Author: ```suggestion
# Add nix / devenv installation instructions 

This will require the use of the `ifiokjr/nixpkgs` flake overlay.
```
